
Podcini, an open source podcast instrument, attuned to Puccini, adorned with pasticcini and aromatized with porcini, invites your harmonious heartbeats.

Do I hear your heartbeats?  Great!

Common functionalities of a podcast player are well supported:

* Search, discover and subscribe to podcasts, by key words, simple RSS URLs, or OPML files.
* Download, stream or queue episodes, and enjoy them the way you like with adjustable playback speeds.
* Save effort, battery power and mobile data usage with powerful automation controls for downloading episodes.
* If the feed contains no media (plain RSS feed), Text-to-Speech engine is used to play the text.
* Listening progress can be instantly synced through a NextCloud server or across devices in the same wifi network without a server.

So what's special with this podcast app among the many?

Well, aside from doing the above well, the following make it stand out:

1. It's open sourced, free to use and free of ads, free as in beer and free as in speech!
2. It takes advantage of modern frameworks to be efficient and conserve energy.
3. In addition to subscriptions, it allows you to create your own synthetic podcasts to compile your interested episodes from various podcasts to better focus on your interests.
4. While the list of episodes (filtered and sorted by you) in each podcast serves a natural playlist for you, it also empowers you with multiple queues each associable with any podcasts to group similar contents for better listening.
5. On any podcast/episode, you can assign 5 levels of rating allowing you to make better decisions on where to put your attention.
6. You have 12 levels of play states (like to play soon, add in queue, or play again) to better plan and record your listening experiences.
7. You can also keep your personal notes with your opinions/comments on each podcast/episode.
8. It has sophisticated sorting and filtering options for you to better select contents.
9. Sure, you can play any episodes in your car's speakers
10. And, it's not all about audio, video is well handled.
11. You can cast the audio/video to Chromecast speakers/screens.

OK, some other podcast players can also do some of the above?

12. How about getting Youtube and YT Music contents in the experiences of podcasts?
13. You can search for a Youtube channel and subscribe to it just like a normal podcast.
14. You can share a channel/podcast/playlist from Youtube or YT Music to Podcini for subscription.
15. You can also share a single media from Youtube or YT Music to Podcini to be added to a synthetic podcast.
16. You can enjoy the extra benefits of Youtube media by specifying audio/video quality separately.

<b>Join the Podcini community!</b>

Podcini is under active development by volunteers. You can contribute too, with code, comments or critics.
https://github.com/XilinJia/Podcini
